*   **Setting: early 25th century, more advance for use of guns, pirate society**
*   **Players:**
*   **Background:**  
    Because of an event knows as "The Great Flood" that happened in the 20. hundreds the Earth has grown to be a pirate based society with a close connection to magic due to the unusual nature of the event. "The Great Flood" was a manmade event caused by the act of using the materials present in the Earth's core for making a nuclear weapon, then promptly using said weapo. As a result,  the mana from said  material started spreading Earth became home to a variety of magical creatures. The event This in turn caused the cultures to mix over several centuries and become an amalgam of different values, far different from what we currently have on Earth. New languages rose up from these cultures. For example, hydra and dragons both evolved from a shared oceanic ancestor that bore a striking resemblance to drakes. Several other races like dragonborn, fishfolk, goblins, halflings, tieflings, elves, and countless others have been introduced to Earth's ecosystem over the course of 500 years and all of these races developed their own countries and societies, all of course basing their infrastructure to favor oceanic travel and trade.

Following The Great Flood the society of Earth has formed itself into and island based secular culture. The larger, more advanced islands belonging to the richer and more privileged people while the more run down, smaller islands being places for less privileged people to live on. Since the smaller islands had significantly less resources and space the bigger parts of their infrastructure had to be constructed underground and underwater, using whatever means present, from science to magic. Since magic was only recently discovered in this universe it has less importance than the advanced scientific discoveries used to make the life on Earth easier for everyone. Bear in mind magic still held a significant importance for the denizens of Earth since after The Great Flood more then 70% of Earth's population was non-human. Since science has advanced far past what it is today it has given rise to easier and more advanced means of oceanic travel, granted still using boats, but boats evolved over countless centuries.

This leads us to the main story of our world. Recent rumors in the more tightly-knit corners of earth have been spreading about the fishfolk becoming more violent towards other races. When questioned later about this behavior the fishfolk show no signs of said violence even after thorough questioning. One of the people who has heard such rumors, despite their secrecy, is a former war veteran and adventurer, Gabe the dragonborn, known for following his intuition. This has lead him to secretly start investigating said behavior. Our story begins with an introduction to the mercenaries Gabe hired for a boat hijacking taking place near a more privileged island by the name of Zar't'uth, an orc mining colony used as an arms dealing front.

*   **Session #1**

The party stars off on a boat owned by a wealthy arms dealer. The price for stealing one of his delivery boats is up to 250 G each. The boat is quickly sinking so they need to make a move as fast as possible (roll for acrobatics/dexterity, 5 - 10). Once the players make it across they get ambushed by the dealers guards and traders. The crew consists of 5 bandits. Afterwards, they make their way towards the port Kelthann, a common smuggler's trading spot.

It's here that the the players meet their contractor, Gabe the dragonborn (if any one of the characters has a history with paladins or any religious background make them do a religion check to tell other characters his backstory {defeated a rouge god with the help of 2 other adventurers}). He looks at them with a snarky smile and thanks them in a cynical tone: "I'm surprised, the last team I hired didn't leave the port alive. Granted, they were severely unprepared but who am I to discourage them. Anyway, I suppose you want your reward. Not gonna lie, almost though ya wouldn't make it. Let me just get it from my backpack." As the dragonborn reaches into his backpack the party celebrates their victory. The dragonborn gives each of them 250 G (-250 G per player from Gabe's amount). After the exchange Gabe leads them to a local bar named "Davey Jones' Locker". "In here, we can talk without anyone listening in on us." Entering the bar the players can see that it's a basic run-of-the-mill bar with a variety of patrons exchanging anything from money to stories. Having experience in secretive work Gabe instantly picks a table closest to a figurative blind spot, where no one would be listening in on them, he picks a smaller table by one of the closed windows in the corner of the bar the furthest distance away from the bartender. Confusedly looking at Gabe the players can't help but wonder what he wants to talk to them about. As he starts talking his snarky and cynic demeanor drops and he starts talking to them about the incidents regarding fishfolk he's been investigating for the better part of the last 2 months.

Gabe starts talking: "I know you're all probably confused as to why I've asked you to come talk to me, all in due time though, first I gotta congratulate you, not everyone can steal Yaghed's wares that easily.", he says as he calls over the waiter over. "Pick anything, I insist, after all the trouble you've saved me it's only right I congratulate you like this." The waiter hands every player, and Gabe, the **Davey Jones' Locker Drink menu**. After ordering their drinks and getting accustomed to the atmosphere the party starts wondering why exactly Gabe invited them to this bar. After a short silence from the crew Gabe speaks: "So, I suppose you're all wondering why I asked you to come here, usually there's not this much mediation after I finish a job, however, you lot are exceptional, well, far from professional, I'll give you that, but regardless that's exactly the kinda people I need right now. As some of you may know, I'm something of a military man, well, maybe not exactly military in nature, I'd rather not get caught up in all the bureaucracy. Regardless, the military has hired me as a sort of detective, I work alone and report my findings back to the military. And recently, unrelated to my recent investigations I've come across something very peculiar, strange. " As he takes a sip from his Stormborn Cider he says: "Let me paint you a picture, I was lingering around a local church of the God Geshtai. As you can imagine from the nature of the God there were a lot of fishfolk present. One of our targets, a human named Ishmail, has been spotted communing there a few times a week. We've picked up on this habit of his and planned to arrest him. Only things didn't really go as planned. Once we had arrived there we we're quickly welcomed to a nasty, disgusting sight. Our target was being mauled right in front of our eyes by one of the fishfolk patrons. What's even weirder is that not a single other fishfolk even so much as looked at it. They've only noticed what had happened after their fellow fishfolk had finished eating his victim. Then chaos ensued. Everyone running, screaming for help. We didn't want to help because quite frankly I don't wanna tell my employers why my carefully crafted cover was blown. Anyways, after the guards had shown up to the scene we stepped in to look at the body and the circumstances of the situation. But since we were still under cover they didn't let us to close to the body. This is where you all come in. I want you to help me gather some information on this supposed murder in a way that wouldn't alert the local authorities. Granted this endeavor wouldn't go without merit. You would be paid handsomely for your efforts. Now, do we have a deal". (The players can now ask questions about the mission and their role in it) After everyone has agreed to Gabe's deal he says: "Right then, I've some business to take care of in the city. You're all free to do as you wish for a few hours while I get done with this (bear in mind at this point of the day its 10 am, the job started at 6 am and they arrived in the port at about 9:30 am). Right then, I'll leave you to it." he says as he drinks the last bit of his drink. The party is now free to explore the city. After a few hours of exploring Gabe has finally caught up with them (by this point its 1pm) and asks: "Right then, did you all handle everything you needed to? (here a chance is given to the players to get/buy the last bit of equipment that's needed for the job before the job starts). Alright, follow me then." As Gabe leads them through the more rural circles of town they start taking in the sights, smells and sounds of this wonderful city. They start seeing the wonderful vertically structured houses, seeing and hearing neighbors talk about their everyday lives in great detail. The smells of meat, noodles and vegetables fill the air as the hagglers are trying to get the players to buy their food. After a few minutes of walking they reach a secluded part of the island covered in a forest of thick pine trees. It's awfully quiet and in severe contrast from the atmosphere of the city, though oddly peaceful. Finally reaching the church Gabe exclaims to the party: "I'll check with my associates if there's anything to be wary about. You all stay here." As he takes a few minutes to come back for the players ask them to roll a perception check so that they can hear his calls for help from inside the church. Doesn't matte who rolls the successful roll, the person with the highest one notices it first. After hearing it the party decides to hastily make way towards the entrance. They look in shock as a hooded figure pushes Gabe onto the ground and makes a swing at him with his rapier (roll 1d8 damage to Gabe's health).