Born into a wealthy family Yaghed the human didn't really need to work for a living, he got used to everyone giving him what he wanted. His parents didn't really see an issue with this since they were barely present in his life, having servants and slaves take care of him up until he turned 18. Once he turned 18 that smallest bit of connection he felt towards his parents was gone, and after finding out how his parents made a living (exploitation of poverty workers for cheap mining labor) he vowed to get rid of his family name and make his own. Thus he went from Yaghed Farlal to Yaghed Saurl. After making a name for himself as a pretty well know thief he started looking for a different way to earn a living, since he was good at persuading people into anything he wanted it was only natural that he would join a rouge guild. At the time he joined The Silent Enclave the guild and the island of Zar't'uth were no more than a small community, that's why it was easier for him to climb the ranks in such as short time. This in turn meant that he could use the resources gathered from the guild to further his spiteful revenge against his parents. Within a year after joining the guild he already had enough power to overtake the mining facilities his parents were in possession of, and within almost 2 years he had brought his own parents to their knees. Ordering their execution days after his coup he felt no mercy towards them. This in turn led to the creation of his nickname which is used up to this day: "The biggest fish", named after the saying "There's always a bigger fish." After returning to Zar't'uth he used the money he stole from his parents to make the island prosper. This earned him and his guild nigh top status when it comes to the hierarchy on the island. To this day hes regarded as the leader of the island, despite there not being any actual leader, he's still the de facto leader. 